README.md, before:

<p align="center">  
Wheater is a small demo application based on modern Android tech-stacks and MVVM architecture.
</p>
</br>

<img src="" align="right" width="32%"/>

## Tech stack & Open-source libraries
- Minimum SDK level 19
- [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) based, [Coroutines](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines)
- Jetpack
  - Lifecycle - dispose of observing data when lifecycle state changes.
  - ViewModel - UI related data holder, lifecycle aware.
- Architecture
  - MVVM Architecture (View - DataBinding - ViewModel - Model)
  - Repository pattern
- [Retrofit2 & OkHttp3](https://github.com/square/retrofit) - construct the REST APIs.
- [Material-Components](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-android) - Material design components for building ripple animation, and CardView.


## MAD Score
![summary](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/102366914-84f6b000-3ffc-11eb-8d49-b20694239782.png)
![kotlin](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/102366932-8a53fa80-3ffc-11eb-8131-fd6745a6f079.png)

## Architecture
Weather is based on the MVVM architecture and the Repository pattern.

![architecture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/77502018-f7d36000-6e9c-11ea-92b0-1097240c8689.png)

## Open API

<img src="https://openweathermap.org/themes/openweathermap/assets/img/logo_white_cropped.png" align="right" width="21%"/>

Weather using the [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/) for constructing RESTful API.<br>

# License

Commit message:

add license and preview image in README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">  
Wheater is a small demo application based on modern Android tech-stacks and MVVM architecture.
</p>
</br>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26925002/149641950-0d9a5cdb-e2f5-4ea3-bf8b-73e6c3b1a3a8.PNG" align="right" width="32%"/>

## Tech stack & Open-source libraries
- Minimum SDK level 19
- [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) based, [Coroutines](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines)
- Jetpack
  - Lifecycle - dispose of observing data when lifecycle state changes.
  - ViewModel - UI related data holder, lifecycle aware.
- Architecture
  - MVVM Architecture (View - DataBinding - ViewModel - Model)
  - Repository pattern
- [Retrofit2 & OkHttp3](https://github.com/square/retrofit) - construct the REST APIs.
- [Material-Components](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-android) - Material design components for building ripple animation, and CardView.


## MAD Score
![summary](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/102366914-84f6b000-3ffc-11eb-8d49-b20694239782.png)
![kotlin](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/102366932-8a53fa80-3ffc-11eb-8131-fd6745a6f079.png)

## Architecture
Weather is based on the MVVM architecture and the Repository pattern.

![architecture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/77502018-f7d36000-6e9c-11ea-92b0-1097240c8689.png)

## Open API

<img src="https://openweathermap.org/themes/openweathermap/assets/img/logo_white_cropped.png" align="right" width="21%"/>

Weather using the [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/) for constructing RESTful API.<br>

# License
```xml
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 EASY-CODES

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
